two sum
add two numbers
longest substring without repeating characters
lru chache
number of islands
valid parentheses
longest palindromic substring
copy list with random pointer
3sum
trapping rain water
best time to buy and sell stock
merge two sorted lists
linked list cycle
reverse linked list
merge k sorted lists
product of array except self
jewels and stones
letter combinations of phone number
word break
serialize and deserialize binary tree
group anagrams
string to integer(atoi)
sliding window maximum
word ladder
insert delete get random o(1)
kth largest element in an array
lowest common ancestor of a binary tree
count primes
min stack
encode and decode tiny url
word ladder 2
rotate image
search in 2d matrix 2
first unique character in a string
subsets
two sum 2- input array is sorted
binary tree level order traversal
intersection of two linked lists
palindrome linked list
binary tree right side view
merge two binary trees
valid anagram
rotate array
set matrix zeroes
min cost climbing stairs
lowest common ancestor of a binary search tree
partition labels
pascal's triangle 2
baseball game
gray code

The STAR technique is a common system used to answer behavioral interview questions. 
You don't use this technique to answer questions like "Tell me about yourself" or "What are you doing now?" 
It provides a structure for you to remember so that you include the correct data in your answers. 

These are the 4 steps of STAR:

S – Situation - background info

T – Task - what you had to do 

A – Activity - what you did - this should be the longest part of the answer

R – Result - positive; quantifiable; what you learned; what you would do differently next time

Leadership Principles
1. Customer Obsession
    Leaders start with the customer and work backwards. They work vigorously to earn and keep customer trust.
    Although leaders pay attention to competitors, they obsess over customers.

    I have worked as Software Engineer at Tech Mahindra(Client- Applied Materials, Santa Clara, CA.) which is one of the top IT services companies of India and besides that 
    a Fortune 500 company. As part of a company which has stood the test of times and demonstrated consistent devotion when it comes to 
    customer- Foreign/Local client, I know nothing matters more than customers. Afterall we exist only due to our customers.
    It was only due to our culture of Customer First that Applied Materials has trusted us for 11 years now since 2007.
    So, working with senior professionals who have earned customer trust over the years, inculcated that sense of my responsibility 
    towards our customers.

2. Ownership
    Leaders are owners. They think long term and don’t sacrifice long-term value for short-term results. 
    They act on behalf of the entire company, beyond just their own team. They never say “that’s not my job". 

    Charity begins at home.
    Though I have not served at a Managerial position in IT industry, but I learned the value of ownership in my childhood itself from 
    my father who is now a Senior Project Manager for a construction company. I often heard him saying - "I need to make sure we deliver
    this project". I just wondered at this beautiful combination of "I" and "we" which conveyed how committed he was for the company.
    Though unintentionally, but somehow those values got imbibed in me too. That's why even during a time when we unfortunately had to 
    reduce our team size, I voluntarily stepped up to take additional work assignments to make sure project was delivered on time.
    It's always easy to give up or turn a blind eye but that's not how you earn someone's trust.
    The basic notion is- you don't exist in isolation. You actions speak of you company as a whole.


3. Invent and Simplify
    Leaders expect and require innovation and invention from their teams and always find ways to simplify. 
    They are externally aware, look for new ideas from everywhere, and are not limited by “not invented here". 
    As we do new things, we accept that we may be misunderstood for long periods of time.
    One way to innovate an industry is to find a problem that most businesses are ignoring.

"Don't be afraid to solve the hard problems that everyone else avoids," wrote Clear. 
"There is a lot of money to be made when you're the first person to fix something."
"Because you have passion and because you can tap into agility, you have a perfect mix to better innovate," 
Pam Moore, founder of Marketing Nutz, wrote in a blog post. 
"It doesn't require an intense board meeting to kick off an idea for further research. You can simply plan it and do it."


4. Are right, a lot
    Leaders are right a lot. 
    They have strong judgment and good instincts. 
    They seek diverse perspectives and work to disconfirm their beliefs.
    There are not enough reasons to prove something right but only one valid reason is enough to prove something wrong.
    So, there is a dire need to exhaustively search for that single reason which can question our belief/thoughts. Bringing in others'
    persepectives works best. Listen to all, cross-verify your beliefs,decide on some action and take stand for it.
    As part of practicing competitive coding,I have well cultivated this habit of searching for cases which question my beliefs. Even a 
    single test case can bring the whole software to its knees. When you work in teams, you cannot afford to be single sided. You might 
    be right in your own world, but this world is not only your's.
    e.g.I have frequently faced such situations where I had to decide. Most recent was at my current part time job at EdPlus at ASU, where
    I was asked to decide if we needed to break a monolithic application into Amazon provided lambda functions.
    Though I could have readily got away with it by taking some random decision based on my current knowledge, but instead of that I preferred
    investing some time on reading about case studies of other companies and the architectrual Principles of software development to guide my 
    plan of action. I realised what havoc would have my hastiness wreaked on the project in the long run.

5. Learn and Be Curious
    Leaders are never done learning and always seek to improve themselves. 
    They are curious about new possibilities and act to explore them.
    When I look at companies like Amazon, Microsoft etc, one thing that has made them survive so long is never-ending learning and 
    accepting the change. One common pattern that I have closely observed among leaders is that they are lifelong learners and they 
    always seek to raise the bar for themselves. The director of engineering at EdPlus has over 20 years of experience in IT industry 
    and still listens patiently to what I learn in college. He then ponders over how my learning can be used at EdPlus. 
    
    I could have easily settled in my native country with a decent salary, but the urge to learn about the latest technologies and 
    developments like AI, Machine Learning in Computer Science, I decided to quit my job and pursue Masters in Computer Science.
    The thrill in exploring new possibilities and renewing myself is what keeps me going.

6. Hire and Develop the Best
    Leaders raise the performance bar with every hire and promotion. 
    They recognize exceptional talent, and willingly move them throughout the organization. 
    Leaders develop leaders and take seriously their role in coaching others. 
    We work on behalf of our people to invent mechanisms for development like Career Choice.
    e.g of How Alochan made me work for different projects and he recognized my talent even though I was not skilled in that particular
    technology.

7. Insist on the highest standards
    Leaders have relentlessly high standards - many people may think these standards are unreasonably high. 
    Leaders are continually raising the bar and drive their teams to deliver high quality products, services and processes. 
    Leaders ensure that defects do not get sent down the line and that problems are fixed so they stay fixed.

8. Think Big
    Thinking small is a self-fulfilling prophecy. Leaders create and communicate a bold direction that inspires results. 
    They think differently and look around corners for ways to serve customers.
    Thinking big is what has resulted in companies like Amazon, Microsoft, Tata, Jeep, Volkwagen.


9. Bias for action
    Speed matters in business. Many decisions and actions are reversible and do not need extensive study. 
    We value calculated risk taking. 

10. Frugality
    Accomplish more with less. Constraints breed resourcefulness, self-sufficiency and invention. 
    There are no extra points for growing headcount, budget size or fixed expense.

11. Earn trust
    Leaders listen attentively, speak candidly, and treat others respectfully. 
    They are vocally self-critical, even when doing so is awkward or embarrassing. 
    Leaders do not believe their or their team’s body odor smells of perfume. 
    They benchmark themselves and their teams against the best.

12. Dive Deep
    Leaders operate at all levels, stay connected to the details, audit frequently, and are skeptical when metrics and anecdote differ. 
    No task is beneath them.

13. Have Backbone; Disagree and Commit
    Leaders are obligated to respectfully challenge decisions when they disagree, even when doing so is uncomfortable or exhausting. 
    Leaders have conviction and are tenacious. They do not compromise for the sake of social cohesion. 
    Once a decision is determined, they commit wholly.

14. Deliver results
    Leaders focus on the key inputs for their business and deliver them with the right quality and in a timely fashion. 
    Despite setbacks, they rise to the occasion and never settle.