344     Reverse String	61.4%	Easy	
230     Kth Smallest Element in a BST	47.4%	Medium	
214	    Shortest Palindrome	25.9%	Hard	
283     Move Zeroes	52.4%	Easy	
295     Find Median from Data Stream	31.6%	Hard	
146     LRU Cache	21.3%	Hard	
3       Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters	25.0%	Medium	
4       Median of Two Sorted Arrays	23.9%	Hard	
11      Container With Most Water	38.7%	Medium	
21      Merge Two Sorted Lists	43.1%	Easy	
26      Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array	37.8%	Easy	
46      Permutations	50.0%	Medium	
50      Pow(x, n)	26.6%	Medium	
70      Climbing Stairs	42.0%	Easy	
206     Reverse Linked List	49.3%	Easy	
5       Longest Palindromic Substring	25.6%	Medium

1. General Behavioral questions as mentioned in Gdrive document
• Recruiter tips on https://careers.walmart.com/faqs#faqs-5
• Strengths and Weaknesses with examples
• Why walmart?
- Ans: From what started as a single discount store and grown into the largest retailer in the world over
        the last 50 years and now has over 11,000 stores in over 50 countries emloying 2 million associates
        and serving 265 mn customers, Walmart definitely is a big player.

        From an employee's point of view, I think- a company which has been tested by times would be definitely 
        having a great work culture, a progressive work environment with an equal focus on the happiness of 
        its associates.

        Also, there would be best of the brains and finest of the professionals working for the company to make
        it stand where it stands today.

        So, me being still in my intial career stage, I believe Walmart will be an excellent platform to use
        my technical skills, work directly for the customers and evolve as a holistic professional.
        
        As far as working for the Merchant Tech team is concerned, I researched about the team profile 
        on walmart labs teams page online, ang got to know that this is the team which works for the merchants who trust 
        walmart to sell their products online. The various aspects of it include online product search, inventory
        management, cataloging, replenishment and fulfillment. From an engineer's point of view, I got really 
        interested in one of their case studies which is about CATALOG MATCHING where they are using Distributed Databases,
        Machine learning at scale to ensure that whenever two or more sellers sell a same product, that product should be enlisted
        as one entitiy whith all its sellers. This provides a uniform search experience to the customers.

        In fact, this kind of work which brings together Distributed Systems, Machine Learning, Cloud and Big Data is something that
        I want to get involved in for my next job.

        So these are the reasons I wanna work with Walmart.
        

• Why Merchant Technology team
• What kind of teams you like?
• Questions for interviewer - Their experience in terms of best phases and challenging, 
                              What are you looking for in a prospective candidate
                              What kind of work are you doing in the cloud area or cloud based services
• 

Technical Questions:-
• Resume
• Ladder question 3 steps, total number of combinations
• Java Questions - Interfaces, abstract classes, types of inheritance, collections, stringbuilder vs string, array vs arraylist, == vs EqualsTo
• Web services - Multithreading in web services and its implementation, REST services,   REST vs SOAP, MVC architecture with example,
                 HTTP VS HTTPS, How to know if a request is coming from mobile or browser
• Data Structures - Trees, 
                    Linkedlist- reverse, midpoint, mergesort, merge in sorted order
                    Strings(reverse recursively), 
                    HashMap(Hashcode) vs Dictionaries(implementation)
• OS: LRU Cache implementation
• Design patterns - Singleton class, singleton in Multithreaded application
• JS - closures, diff between == and ===, promise, event loop, setTimeOut(), Async web requests, Async web request




Resume Questions:-
- Serverless architecture:
    Serverless architecture also known as Serverless computing or functions as a service is a Software Design Pattern where applications
    are hosted by a third-party service, thus eliminating the need of server software and hardware management by the developer.
    Also, the applications are broken into individual functions that can be invoked and scaled individually.

    Why serverless?
    By adopting the serverless approach, the focus is purely to develop individual functionality in the application code.
    We can say these functions are self-sufficient entities which communicate with other such entities and thus increase 
    the modularity in code.


    FaaS vs SaaS
    Though in SaaS too, you deploy your application on 3rd party servers, but you still need to handle the scalability yourself.
     Whereas 
    In FaaS, each of the functions is autonomous in the sense that it can be scaled up or scaled down as the frequency call increases.
    This actually is a very cost effective approach as you pay only for the time your functions are called.

- Single Page applications:-
    SPAs are web applications which work on the principle of "load page once and then update thereafter". This eliminates the subsequent
    page reloads because the html file is not sent by the server again. Only the data is sent and it's the responsibility of client to 
    update the html accordingly.
    **** How to go back to previous page if app is Single Page Application.
        Ans:- URL hash technique: e.g. HTML5 History API
            -    Using local hash: Local hash is whatever comes after # in the url. If we change content after #, that wont trigger
                page reload.


